# Steam-Player-Investigator

Steam API key: 4DA0CD7EC93E4167D233CCF091DD4B8F

There were several options for platforms to release the artefact, such as releasing it on an app store like the Microsoft Store or simply uploading the artefact to a file sharing site, however these do not confer the same advantages as releasing the artefact on GitHub. So, we decided that the artefact would be released on GitHub.
We decided to host our artefact on GitHub for several reasons, with the primary reason being that we can host our code for the artefact on GitHub (as well as the release executable). This means we can release the artefact as open-source, allowing anyone to make changes to the code by creating pull requests, or by forking their own copy of the repository. Another advantage of releasing the artefact as open-source on GitHub is that we still have control over the repository, and so we are the ones who decide which changes are merged with our code and which are not.
Another reason for releasing the artefact on GitHub is that GitHub provides some features that would assist us with identifying and implementing fixes for any issues on release, the main one being the Issues tab. This allows users to submit bug reports for any issues they may come across when using the artefact. We can then look over these issue reports and identify which are the most crucial to implement fixes for as soon as possible and which are not majorly time-sensitive issues that can be fixed in a future update. GitHub is also free to use, and although it may not have the same features a paid service would provide, they are more than enough for the purposes of releasing the artefact, especially considering we decided to release the artefact as open-source.
As mentioned earlier, issues on release were primarily handled by making use of GitHub’s Issues tab, allowing users to submit a bug report if they happen to come across an issue when using the artefact. GitHub also provides several other features with its Issues tab that can further assist with identifying issues, such as users being able to label their bug reports to better describe how severe the issue is, and providing a filterable list of bug reports so that we can filter by these labels to decide on which issues are most time-sensitive and which are minor issues that can be fixed in a future update.
